doc/masternode-budget.md, before:

Masternode Budget API
=======================

Dash now supports full decentralized budgets that are paid directly from the blockchain via superblocks once per month. 

Budgets go through a series of stages before being paid:
* prepare - create a special transaction that destroys coins in order to make a proposal
* submit - propagate transaction to peers on network
* voting - lobby for votes on your proposal
* get enough votes - make it into the budget
* finalization - at the end of each payment period, proposals are sorted then compiled into a finalized budget
* finalized budget voting - masternodes that agree with the finalization will vote on that budget
* payment - the winning finalized budget is paid


1. Prepare collateral transaction
--

mnbudget prepare proposal-name url payment_count block_start dash_address monthly_payment_dash [use_ix(true|false)]

Example: ```mnbudget prepare cool-project http://www.cool-project/one.json 12 100000 y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7 1200 true```

Output: ```464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0``` - This is the collateral hash, copy this output for the next step

In this transaction we prepare collateral for "_cool-project_". This proposal will pay _1200_ DASH, _12_ times over the course of a year totaling _24000_ DASH. 

**Warning -- if you change any fields within this command, the collateral transaction will become invalid.** 

2 Submit proposal to network
--

```mnbudget submit cool-project http://www.cool-project/one.json 12 100000 y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7 1200 464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0```

Output : ```a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491``` - This is your proposal hash, which other nodes will use to vote on it

3. Lobby for votes
--

Double check your information: ```mnbudget getinfo cool-project```
￼
```
{
    "Name" : "cool-project",
    "Hash" : "a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491",
    "FeeHash" : "464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0",
    "URL" : "http://www.cool-project/one.json",
    "BlockStart" : 100000,
    "BlockEnd" : 100625,
    "TotalPaymentCount" : 12,
    "RemainingPaymentCount" : 12,
    "PaymentAddress" : "y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7",
    "Ratio" : 0.00000000,
    "Yeas" : 0,
    "Nays" : 0,
    "Abstains" : 0,
    "TotalPayment" : 14400.00000000,
    "MonthlyPayment" : 1200.00000000,
    "IsValid" : true,
    "fValid" : true
}
```

If everything looks correct, you can ask for votes from other masternodes. To vote on a proposal, load a wallet with _masternode.conf_ file. You do not need to access your cold wallet to vote for proposals. 

```mnbudget vote a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491 yes```

4.  Make it into the budget
--

After you get enough votes, execute ```mnbudget projection``` to see if you made it into the budget. If you the budget was finalized at this moment which proposals would be in it. Note: Proposals must be active at least 1 day on the network and receive 10% of the masternode network in yes votes in order to qualify (E.g. if there is 2500 masternodes, you will need 250 yes votes.)

```mnbudget projection```:￼
```
{
    "cool-project" : {
	    "Hash" : "a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491",
	    "FeeHash" : "464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0",
	    "URL" : "http://www.cool-project/one.json",
	    "BlockStart" : 100000,
	    "BlockEnd" : 100625,
	    "TotalPaymentCount" : 12,
	    "RemainingPaymentCount" : 12,
	    "PaymentAddress" : "y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7",
	    "Ratio" : 1.00000000,
	    "Yeas" : 33,
	    "Nays" : 0,
	    "Abstains" : 0,
	    "TotalPayment" : 14400.00000000,
	    "MonthlyPayment" : 1200.00000000,
	    "IsValid" : true,
	    "fValid" : true
	}
}
```

5. Finalized budget
--

```
"main" : {
        "FeeTX" : "d6b8de9a4cadfe148f91e8fe8eed407199f96639b482f956ae6f539b8339f87c",
        "Hash" : "6e8bbaba5113de592f6888f200f146448440b7e606fcf62ef84e60e1d5ac7d64",
        "BlockStart" : 100000,
        "BlockEnd" : 100000,
        "Proposals" : "cool-project",
        "VoteCount" : 46,
        "Status" : "OK"
    },
```

6. Get paid
--

When block ```1000000``` is reached you'll receive a payment for ```1200``` DASH. 

The following new RPC commands are supported:
- mnbudget "command"... ( "passphrase" )
 - prepare            - Prepare proposal for network by signing and creating tx
 - submit             - Submit proposal for network
 - vote-many          - Vote on a Dash initiative
 - vote-alias         - Vote on a Dash initiative
 - vote               - Vote on a Dash initiative/budget
 - getvotes           - Show current masternode budgets
 - getinfo            - Show current masternode budgets
 - show               - Show all budgets
 - projection         - Show the projection of which proposals will be paid the next cycle
 - check              - Scan proposals and remove invalid
￼
- mnfinalbudget "command"... ( "passphrase" )
 - vote-many   - Vote on a finalized budget
 - vote        - Vote on a finalized budget
 - show        - Show existing finalized budgets

Commit message:

change coin name and  currency unit
DASH -> GAMBLR
Dash -> Gamblr
dash -> gamblr
currency unit  DASH -> CHIP

doc/masternode-budget.md, after:

Masternode Budget API
=======================

Gamblr now supports full decentralized budgets that are paid directly from the blockchain via superblocks once per month. 

Budgets go through a series of stages before being paid:
* prepare - create a special transaction that destroys coins in order to make a proposal
* submit - propagate transaction to peers on network
* voting - lobby for votes on your proposal
* get enough votes - make it into the budget
* finalization - at the end of each payment period, proposals are sorted then compiled into a finalized budget
* finalized budget voting - masternodes that agree with the finalization will vote on that budget
* payment - the winning finalized budget is paid


1. Prepare collateral transaction
--

mnbudget prepare proposal-name url payment_count block_start gamblr_address monthly_payment_gamblr [use_ix(true|false)]

Example: ```mnbudget prepare cool-project http://www.cool-project/one.json 12 100000 y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7 1200 true```

Output: ```464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0``` - This is the collateral hash, copy this output for the next step

In this transaction we prepare collateral for "_cool-project_". This proposal will pay _1200_ CHIP, _12_ times over the course of a year totaling _24000_ CHIP. 

**Warning -- if you change any fields within this command, the collateral transaction will become invalid.** 

2 Submit proposal to network
--

```mnbudget submit cool-project http://www.cool-project/one.json 12 100000 y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7 1200 464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0```

Output : ```a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491``` - This is your proposal hash, which other nodes will use to vote on it

3. Lobby for votes
--

Double check your information: ```mnbudget getinfo cool-project```
￼
```
{
    "Name" : "cool-project",
    "Hash" : "a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491",
    "FeeHash" : "464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0",
    "URL" : "http://www.cool-project/one.json",
    "BlockStart" : 100000,
    "BlockEnd" : 100625,
    "TotalPaymentCount" : 12,
    "RemainingPaymentCount" : 12,
    "PaymentAddress" : "y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7",
    "Ratio" : 0.00000000,
    "Yeas" : 0,
    "Nays" : 0,
    "Abstains" : 0,
    "TotalPayment" : 14400.00000000,
    "MonthlyPayment" : 1200.00000000,
    "IsValid" : true,
    "fValid" : true
}
```

If everything looks correct, you can ask for votes from other masternodes. To vote on a proposal, load a wallet with _masternode.conf_ file. You do not need to access your cold wallet to vote for proposals. 

```mnbudget vote a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491 yes```

4.  Make it into the budget
--

After you get enough votes, execute ```mnbudget projection``` to see if you made it into the budget. If you the budget was finalized at this moment which proposals would be in it. Note: Proposals must be active at least 1 day on the network and receive 10% of the masternode network in yes votes in order to qualify (E.g. if there is 2500 masternodes, you will need 250 yes votes.)

```mnbudget projection```:￼
```
{
    "cool-project" : {
	    "Hash" : "a2b29778ae82e45a973a94309ffa6aa2e2388b8f95b39ab3739f0078835f0491",
	    "FeeHash" : "464a0eb70ea91c94295214df48c47baa72b3876cfb658744aaf863c7b5bf1ff0",
	    "URL" : "http://www.cool-project/one.json",
	    "BlockStart" : 100000,
	    "BlockEnd" : 100625,
	    "TotalPaymentCount" : 12,
	    "RemainingPaymentCount" : 12,
	    "PaymentAddress" : "y6R9oN12KnB9zydzTLc3LikD9cCjjQzYG7",
	    "Ratio" : 1.00000000,
	    "Yeas" : 33,
	    "Nays" : 0,
	    "Abstains" : 0,
	    "TotalPayment" : 14400.00000000,
	    "MonthlyPayment" : 1200.00000000,
	    "IsValid" : true,
	    "fValid" : true
	}
}
```

5. Finalized budget
--

```
"main" : {
        "FeeTX" : "d6b8de9a4cadfe148f91e8fe8eed407199f96639b482f956ae6f539b8339f87c",
        "Hash" : "6e8bbaba5113de592f6888f200f146448440b7e606fcf62ef84e60e1d5ac7d64",
        "BlockStart" : 100000,
        "BlockEnd" : 100000,
        "Proposals" : "cool-project",
        "VoteCount" : 46,
        "Status" : "OK"
    },
```

6. Get paid
--

When block ```1000000``` is reached you'll receive a payment for ```1200``` CHIP. 

The following new RPC commands are supported:
- mnbudget "command"... ( "passphrase" )
 - prepare            - Prepare proposal for network by signing and creating tx
 - submit             - Submit proposal for network
 - vote-many          - Vote on a Gamblr initiative
 - vote-alias         - Vote on a Gamblr initiative
 - vote               - Vote on a Gamblr initiative/budget
 - getvotes           - Show current masternode budgets
 - getinfo            - Show current masternode budgets
 - show               - Show all budgets
 - projection         - Show the projection of which proposals will be paid the next cycle
 - check              - Scan proposals and remove invalid
￼
- mnfinalbudget "command"... ( "passphrase" )
 - vote-many   - Vote on a finalized budget
 - vote        - Vote on a finalized budget
 - show        - Show existing finalized budgets
